in the race to unlock the mystery of DNA
one scientist stands at the forefront of
genetic research his ideas are
revolutionary his theories
groundbreaking and now at the dawn of a
new millennium he is ready to announce
to the world his greatest breakthrough
they wouldn't a professor Sherman Klump
ah professor clone all right ever show
me oh come on TV now - MIT look you look
just like Billy Dee he got good genes in
our family Billy Dee bility philippi Oh
Billy become but with every great
advance I'd like to present to you all
of the Wellman College you formula maybe
I need to take from that you don't cure
ugly why would I like to throw some hot
grease on you there is always the risk
of unwanted side-effects buddy buddy
buddy look see you later
chunky butt
I'm scared now but he is back my
goodness and it looks like it's going to
be a very nutty summer there on July 28
where hello there stripper Mae Pierce
old bar oh wow
think big shoving you've got 30 seconds
before the asteroid hits use your fossa
German force is strong with you muttered
st. bigger
I'm like that a ruiner man now was that
supposed to happen
see love Eddie Murphy is clumps penises
this show mmm damn ray
these are good if I can leave Nutty
Professor to the clumps Oh God